1on1gov;arcade
1on1gov;mame-advmame
1on1gov;mame-libretro
1on1gov;mame-mame4all
3in1fwt;Final Burn Alpha
backfirt;arcade
backfirt;mame-advmame
backfirt;mame-libretro
backfirt;mame-mame4all
backfirt;Final Burn Alpha
bsteam3;Final Burn Alpha
danchih;arcade
danchih;mame-advmame
danchih;mame-libretro
danchih;mame-mame4all
deroon;arcade
deroon;mame-advmame
deroon;mame-libretro
deroon;mame-mame4all
deroon;Final Burn Alpha
doapp;arcade
doapp;mame-advmame
doapp;mame-libretro
doapp;mame-mame4all
eightfrc;arcade
eightfrc;Final Burn Alpha
eightfrc;mame-advmame
eightfrc;mame-libretro
eightfrc;mame-mame4all
fstarfrc;arcade
fstarfrc;Final Burn Alpha
fstarfrc;mame-advmame
fstarfrc;mame-libretro
fstarfrc;mame-mame4all
fstarfrcj;arcade
fstarfrcj;Final Burn Alpha
fstarfrcj;mame-advmame
fstarfrcj;mame-libretro
fstarfrcj;mame-mame4all
gaiden;arcade
gaiden;Final Burn Alpha
gaiden;mame-advmame
gaiden;mame-libretro
gaiden;mame-mame4all
gemini;Final Burn Alpha
gemini;arcade
gemini;mame-advmame
gemini;mame-libretro
gemini;mame-mame4all
ginkun;arcade
ginkun;Final Burn Alpha
ginkun;mame-advmame
ginkun;mame-libretro
ginkun;mame-mame4all
glpracr3;arcade
glpracr3;mame-advmame
glpracr3;mame-libretro
glpracr3;mame-mame4all
glpracr;arcade
glpracr;mame-advmame
glpracr;mame-libretro
glpracr;mame-mame4all
glpracrj;arcade
glpracrj;mame-advmame
glpracrj;mame-libretro
glpracrj;mame-mame4all
goodejana;arcade
goodejana;mame-advmame
goodejana;mame-libretro
goodejana;mame-mame4all
goodejan;arcade
goodejan;mame-advmame
goodejan;mame-libretro
goodejan;mame-mame4all
gundealrt;arcade
gundealrt;mame-advmame
gundealrt;mame-libretro
gundealrt;mame-mame4all
gunnail;arcade
gunnail;Final Burn Alpha
gunnail;mame-advmame
gunnail;mame-libretro
gunnail;mame-mame4all
mfjump;arcade
mfjump;mame-advmame
mfjump;mame-libretro
mfjump;mame-mame4all
mightybj;arcade
mightybj;mame-advmame
mightybj;mame-libretro
mightybj;mame-mame4all
mp_twc;arcade
mp_twc;mame-advmame
mp_twc;mame-libretro
mp_twc;mame-mame4all
nouryoku;Final Burn Alpha
nouryoku;mame-advmame
nouryoku;mame-libretro
nouryoku;mame-mame4all
nouryokup;arcade
nouryokup;mame-advmame
nouryokup;mame-libretro
nouryokup;mame-mame4all
pc_ngai2;arcade
pc_ngai2;mame-advmame
pc_ngai2;mame-libretro
pc_ngai2;mame-mame4all
pc_ngai3;arcade
pc_ngai3;mame-advmame
pc_ngai3;mame-libretro
pc_ngai3;mame-mame4all
pc_ngaid;arcade
pc_ngaid;mame-advmame
pc_ngaid;mame-libretro
pc_ngaid;mame-mame4all
pc_rygar;arcade
pc_rygar;mame-advmame
pc_rygar;mame-libretro
pc_rygar;mame-mame4all
pc_tbowl;arcade
pc_tbowl;mame-advmame
pc_tbowl;mame-libretro
pc_tbowl;mame-mame4all
qzkklgy2;arcade
qzkklgy2;Final Burn Alpha
qzkklgy2;mame-advmame
qzkklgy2;mame-libretro
qzkklgy2;mame-mame4all
qzkklogy;arcade
qzkklogy;Final Burn Alpha
qzkklogy;mame-advmame
qzkklogy;mame-libretro
qzkklogy;mame-mame4all
raiga;arcade
raiga;Final Burn Alpha
raiga;mame-advmame
raiga;mame-libretro
raiga;mame-mame4all
rygar2;arcade
rygar2;Final Burn Alpha
rygar2;mame-advmame
rygar2;mame-libretro
rygar2;mame-mame4all
rygar3;arcade
rygar3;Final Burn Alpha
rygar3;mame-advmame
rygar3;mame-libretro
rygar3;mame-mame4all
rygarb;Final Burn Alpha
rygarj;arcade
rygarj;Final Burn Alpha
rygarj;mame-advmame
rygarj;mame-libretro
rygarj;mame-mame4all
rygar;arcade
rygar;Final Burn Alpha
rygar;mame-advmame
rygar;mame-libretro
rygar;mame-mame4all
ryukendna;arcade
ryukendna;Final Burn Alpha
ryukendna;mame-advmame
ryukendna;mame-libretro
ryukendna;mame-mame4all
ryukendn;arcade
ryukendn;Final Burn Alpha
ryukendn;mame-advmame
ryukendn;mame-libretro
ryukendn;mame-mame4all
sabotenba;arcade
sabotenba;Final Burn Alpha
sabotenba;mame-advmame
sabotenba;mame-libretro
sabotenba;mame-mame4all
sabotenb;arcade
sabotenb;Final Burn Alpha
sabotenb;mame-advmame
sabotenb;mame-libretro
sabotenb;mame-mame4all
shadowwa;arcade
shadowwa;Final Burn Alpha
shadowwa;mame-advmame
shadowwa;mame-libretro
shadowwa;mame-mame4all
shadoww;arcade
shadoww;Final Burn Alpha
shadoww;mame-advmame
shadoww;mame-libretro
shadoww;mame-mame4all
silkwormb;Final Burn Alpha
silkwormj;arcade
silkwormj;Final Burn Alpha
silkwormj;mame-advmame
silkwormj;mame-libretro
silkwormj;mame-mame4all
silkworm;Final Burn Alpha
silkworm;arcade
silkworm;mame-advmame
silkworm;mame-libretro
silkworm;mame-mame4all
solomonj;arcade
solomonj;mame-advmame
solomonj;mame-libretro
solomonj;mame-mame4all
solomonj;Final Burn Alpha
solomon;arcade
solomon;Final Burn Alpha
solomon;mame-advmame
solomon;mame-libretro
solomon;mame-mame4all
spbactnj;arcade
spbactnj;mame-advmame
spbactnj;mame-libretro
spbactnj;mame-mame4all
spbactn;arcade
spbactn;mame-advmame
spbactn;mame-libretro
spbactn;mame-mame4all
stg;arcade
stg;Final Burn Alpha
stg;mame-advmame
stg;mame-libretro
stg;mame-mame4all
stratof;arcade
stratof;Final Burn Alpha
stratof;mame-advmame
stratof;mame-libretro
stratof;mame-mame4all
tbowlj;arcade
tbowlj;mame-advmame
tbowlj;mame-libretro
tbowlj;mame-mame4all
tbowlp;arcade
tbowlp;mame-advmame
tbowlp;mame-libretro
tbowlp;mame-mame4all
tbowl;arcade
tbowl;mame-advmame
tbowl;mame-libretro
tbowl;mame-mame4all
tdragon1;Final Burn Alpha
tdragon1;arcade
tdragon1;mame-advmame
tdragon1;mame-libretro
tdragon1;mame-mame4all
tdragon;arcade
tdragon;mame-advmame
tdragon;mame-libretro
tdragon;mame-mame4all
tdragon;Final Burn Alpha
tecmobb;Final Burn Alpha
tecmocup;Final Burn Alpha
tecmohck;Final Burn Alpha
tecmonbaj;Final Burn Alpha
tecmonba;Final Burn Alpha
tecmosb2j;Final Burn Alpha
tecmosb2;Final Burn Alpha
tecmosb3;Final Burn Alpha
tecmosbwa;Final Burn Alpha
tecmosbwj;Final Burn Alpha
tecmosbw;Final Burn Alpha
tecmow92;Final Burn Alpha
tecmowcm;arcade
tecmowcm;mame-advmame
tecmowcm;mame-libretro
tecmowcm;mame-mame4all
tecmowc;Final Burn Alpha
teedoff;arcade
teedoff;mame-advmame
teedoff;mame-libretro
teedoff;mame-mame4all
tkdenshoa;arcade
tkdenshoa;mame-advmame
tkdenshoa;mame-libretro
tkdenshoa;mame-mame4all
tkdenshoa;Final Burn Alpha
tkdensho;arcade
tkdensho;mame-advmame
tkdensho;mame-libretro
tkdensho;mame-mame4all
tkdensho;Final Burn Alpha
tknight;arcade
tknight;Final Burn Alpha
tknight;mame-advmame
tknight;mame-libretro
tknight;mame-mame4all
tondemo;arcade
tondemo;mame-advmame
tondemo;mame-libretro
tondemo;mame-mame4all
totmejan;arcade
totmejan;mame-advmame
totmejan;mame-libretro
totmejan;mame-mame4all
twcup98;arcade
twcup98;mame-advmame
twcup98;mame-libretro
twcup98;mame-mame4all
tws96;arcade
tws96;Final Burn Alpha
tws96;mame-advmame
tws96;mame-libretro
tws96;mame-mame4all
wc90a;arcade
wc90a;mame-advmame
wc90a;mame-libretro
wc90a;mame-mame4all
wc90a;Final Burn Alpha
wc90b1;arcade
wc90b1;Final Burn Alpha
wc90b1;mame-advmame
wc90b1;mame-libretro
wc90b1;mame-mame4all
wc90ba;Final Burn Alpha
wc90b;arcade
wc90b;mame-advmame
wc90b;mame-libretro
wc90b;mame-mame4all
wc90b;Final Burn Alpha
wc90;arcade
wc90;mame-advmame
wc90;mame-libretro
wc90;mame-mame4all
wc90t;arcade
wc90t;mame-advmame
wc90t;mame-libretro
wc90t;mame-mame4all
wc90t;Final Burn Alpha
wc90;Final Burn Alpha
wildfangs;arcade
wildfangs;mame-advmame
wildfangs;mame-libretro
wildfangs;mame-mame4all
wildfang;arcade
wildfang;Final Burn Alpha
wildfang;mame-advmame
wildfang;mame-libretro
wildfang;mame-mame4all
wwfwfesta;arcade
wwfwfesta;Final Burn Alpha
wwfwfesta;mame-advmame
wwfwfesta;mame-libretro
wwfwfesta;mame-mame4all
wwfwfestj;arcade
wwfwfestj;mame-advmame
wwfwfestj;mame-libretro
wwfwfestj;mame-mame4all
wwfwfestk;arcade
wwfwfestk;Final Burn Alpha
wwfwfestk;mame-advmame
wwfwfestk;mame-libretro
wwfwfestk;mame-mame4all
zingzip;arcade
zingzip;Final Burn Alpha
zingzip;mame-advmame
zingzip;mame-libretro
zingzip;mame-mame4all
